Reverting fix for the issue https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/1632 (#1707)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/2.11.2.md

## Bugfixes

> Reverted the previously released fix for the [issue](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/1632), because it was adding an additional Authorization Policy with action ALLOW, which was hard to override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have reverted the previously released fix for [issue #1632](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/1632) because it added an additional AuthorizationPolicy with action `ALLOW`, which was difficult to override.
```

> Reverted the previously released fix for the [issue](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/1632), because it was adding an additional Authorization Policy with action ALLOW, which was hard to override.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have reverted the previously released fix for [issue #1632](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/issues/1632) because it added an additional AuthorizationPolicy with action `ALLOW`, which was difficult to override.
```
